Clarification of acceptable use of "fail" and "disable" (#163)
mongodb/docs-meta: source/style-guide/writing/use-positive-statements.txt

Avoid Negative Words
--------------------

Try to avoid the following negative words, using instead the suggested alternatives,

> particularly in reference to the user or the company. However, always be honest and
> transparent about issues, and accurately describe a system's performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
particularly in reference to the user or the company. However, always communicate honestly and
transparently about issues, and accurately describe a system's performance.
```
